c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Excel.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Excel.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe.config
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.exe
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.pdb
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Excel.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Excel.pdb
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\nikhil\Desktop\MediaLabs\Backup\Twitter_twitinvi\Twitter_twitinvi\obj\Debug\Twitter_twitinvi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
